okay bitches this is hey Wilfred mocambo
talking and Luigi on the popular this is
the settings or you can see there's a
perience you can see the Imperial
appearance we only have the main master
chief helmet and if you go to the right
Martin hit the right you can only see
elite that's all we have for now if you
go for the head you only have to the
other ones are locked I guess as you
play campaign 5 ok well there's about
five out of ten so I guess there's 10
different helmets yeah and there's left
shoulders go through the left shoulder
although the stuff the rest of the
stuffs locked because the other guy from
Coldplay there's the body body whatever
something depressing it is depressing
music I know it's the finish the fight
man these are all the emblems as you can
see I'm a pretty shitty camera man all
right what would you expect with a
digital camera I'm just resting it's all
right whatever
all right just go back right Collins now
gender oh you can still like gender
doing chic I'm so cheap you up truck
stop coming private right all right yo
go to custom games on ask them these are
all Acosta games and arrows these are
all the maps when we put a war we put
one map epitaph everybody's talking
about the epitaph thinking about its mid
ship but it's not well first of all
let's show them some stupidness yeah
pretty much hey guys no I'm not a retard
I've taken out my hard drive as you can
see right there and I haven't connected
by ethernet cable so be smart about if
you guys have it yeah it's right there
sharing game what mapas its construct
out yeah that's just RT six all right of
halo three actually looks pretty fast
guys suck mr. around stuff don't buy
yellow threes the worst game you oh
that's that's the brute hammer by the
way it's like pretty sick gun I mean
every time where my bad that's uh you
want to do something my me how can you
sit on that chair thingy I don't know if
you can sit on the chair alright six all
right go different map do different map
fuck here it's how we roll g-unit
pitches which is what's his need people
yeah I guess I can't put my are driving
so it gives me like a random name yeah
but it's just funny things Marty right
people reach Ron narrows uh no do I put
up a tough the tough that's so I'm gonna
talk more yeah people will talk about
epitaph I just wanna give a map that
probably bungee hasn't shown yet so
liking you yeah it actually loads now as
you can see it it's pretty good there
and it says a deep shin yeah I'm micro
show any campaign stuff because I want
to spoil it for you guys so all I can
say that it looks pretty sick and
everybody dies no I didn't say that
rediger and there's four types of
grenades which I don't even know about
cuz I don't spend the life reading that
David Reath oh yeah one person will try
well don't worry about clicking refresh
i'll just post this video ready i'm
gonna go walk around the pistol guys you
probably already seen their people
seeing the pistol cares what the pistol
l3 sucks mobile ps3 and resistance oh no
now we'll manage we in metric right this
crew
well strike honest in their guns you
know I really knows the shield all right
this crews are different mad now what
else is there a show they want whatever
they want to see there's nothing much
I'll show them the forge go to the forge
vehicles now on the fortune there's no
videos about the poor don't think so
there's a melee to the melee weapon
mother's melee weapon what is it six
people I'm famous this is the malicious
yeah you're famous to this is forged
what the hell is it I have no I off yeah
I don't think anybody seen for is a new
feature but fuck master teams do
everything a few times 3 i'm trying to
keep the camera steady c'mon gimme see
jello I'll go right there you can but
Buckner younger puke all all my Mandarin
today I'm you people don't cheese in
here we go well how's the sport I didn't
understand okay just go oh snap you live
as a saga in it you live in mississauga
with yo I don't want to see a cover to
my door all dude he can pick it up and
like go down pick it up pick it up store
on oh that's crazy I'm no idea what I'm
doing slick throw it around and you can
like place guns and everything can you
guys yeah you guys watching this or all
noobs don't get the doctor game you guys
need connections man hmm they're like
how how did I get this game I'm not
gonna tell you guys good yeah it's a
Fire Nation dude darkness darkness how'd
you do that it's it's the forage man oh
yeah Sansa bar looks pretty sick by the
way pick that up pick that up actually
Sammy we can just move around powers as
you can see what is this what mode is
this and that's a speed up throw it
around and have some fun in trials
vehicles together blue heart anyway as
well that's all I think I saw the video
here how many minutes five minutes ok
now let's keep your shit up oh shit
again I don't think you can close in
just forge man huh but I'll go back to
being message you
what the fuck oh it's yeah this is the
weapon stuff you all you can place
weapons and stuff yeah it looks pretty
sick all right let me stop all right
anyway wait wait not shit I you guys
should do one where all the weapons are
the two sites here we go locals cars
will not hold up hold up and that's h3 f